The latest from feed (#2359)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: Add-ons/Starter-Kit-TEMP/Widgets/index.md

### The Latest From Feed Widget

> The Latest From Feed Widget, Is used to show a ***Feed*** that you already have created, ***Feed*** here refering to the ***Content Type Feed***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Latest From Feed Widget, is used to show posts from a ***Feed*** that you already have on your website. ***Feed*** here refering to the ***Feed*** content type. 
```

### The Latest Form Feed Widget

The Latest Form Feed Widget, is a tool that allows you to bring a thumbnail of a newsfeed to the page of your desire.

> Keep in mind that you will need an article or a gallery to link to in order for this Widget to work as intended.

Reviewer: What exactly do you mean by "article" and "gallery" here? 🤔

```suggestion
Keep in mind that you will need an article or a gallery to link to in order for this widget to work as intended.
```

> The Widget Allows you to set up a few things as mentioned below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The widget allows you to set up a few things as mentioned below:
```

> - Pre Header, this is the text above the Heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Pre Header - text above the Heading.
```

> - Heading, this is the headline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Heading
```

> - Intro box, lets you give the reader a short Intro text to what the article  is    about.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intro box, lets you give the reader a short intro text to what the articles in the feed is about.
```

> - Feed Page, here you pick what page you want the linked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feed Page, where you pick which feed you want displayed
```

> - Number Of Posts, in this option you can select the amount of posts the Widget     needs to contain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number Of Posts, gives you the option to select the amount of posts the widget will show
```
